Create a conda environment with these packages installed:

Note: I used Pytorch 2.3.0 + CUDA/11.8 

# packages in environment at .conda/envs/483_final_proj1:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                  2_kmp_llvm    conda-forge
absl-py                   2.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
aiohappyeyeballs          2.4.4              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
aiohttp                   3.11.10         py311h2dc5d0c_0    conda-forge
aiosignal                 1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
alsa-lib                  1.2.13               hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
aom                       3.9.1                hac33072_0    conda-forge
ase                       3.23.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
asttokens                 3.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
astunparse                1.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
atk-1.0                   2.38.0               h04ea711_2    conda-forge
attrs                     24.2.0             pyh71513ae_1    conda-forge
blas                      1.0                         mkl    conda-forge
blinker                   1.9.0              pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
blosc                     1.21.6               he440d0b_1    conda-forge
brotli                    1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.1.0           py311hfdbb021_2    conda-forge
brunsli                   0.1                  h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h4bc722e_7    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.34.3               hb9d3cd8_1    conda-forge
c-blosc2                  2.15.2               h3122c55_1    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2024.8.30            hbcca054_0    conda-forge
cached-property           1.5.2                hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cached_property           1.5.2              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
cairo                     1.18.2               h3394656_1    conda-forge
captum                    0.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2024.8.30          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.17.1          py311hf29c0ef_0    conda-forge
chardet                   5.2.0           py311h38be061_2    conda-forge
charls                    2.4.2                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
click                     8.1.7           unix_pyh707e725_1    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
comm                      0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.3.1           py311hd18a35c_0    conda-forge
cpython                   3.11.11         py311hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cuda-crt-tools            12.6.85              ha770c72_0    conda-forge
cuda-cudart               11.8.89                       0    nvidia
cuda-cudart_linux-64      12.6.77              h3f2d84a_0    conda-forge
cuda-cupti                11.8.87                       0    nvidia
cuda-libraries            11.8.0                        0    nvidia
cuda-nvcc-tools           12.6.85              he02047a_0    conda-forge
cuda-nvrtc                11.8.89                       0    nvidia
cuda-nvtx                 11.8.86                       0    nvidia
cuda-nvvm-tools           12.6.85              he02047a_0    conda-forge
cuda-runtime              11.8.0                        0    nvidia
cuda-version              12.6                 h7480c83_3    conda-forge
cudnn                     9.3.0.75             h3e9b439_1    conda-forge
cycler                    0.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cyrus-sasl                2.1.27               h54b06d7_7    conda-forge
dav1d                     1.2.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
dbus                      1.13.6               h5008d03_3    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.8.9           py311hfdbb021_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
double-conversion         3.3.0                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
exceptiongroup            1.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
executing                 2.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
expat                     2.6.4                h5888daf_0    conda-forge
ffmpeg                    7.1.0           gpl_heed6883_705    conda-forge
filelock                  3.16.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
flask                     3.1.0              pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
flatbuffers               24.3.25              h59595ed_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 h77eed37_3    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.15.0               h7e30c49_1    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.55.2          py311h2dc5d0c_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               h267a509_2    conda-forge
freetype-py               2.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
frozenlist                1.5.0           py311h9ecbd09_0    conda-forge
fsspec                    2024.10.0          pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
gast                      0.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gdk-pixbuf                2.42.12              hb9ae30d_0    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.2                hd590300_0    conda-forge
gmp                       6.3.0                hac33072_2    conda-forge
gmpy2                     2.1.5           py311h0f6cedb_3    conda-forge
google-pasta              0.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            h59595ed_1003    conda-forge
graphviz                  12.0.0               hba01fac_0    conda-forge
greenlet                  3.1.1           py311hfdbb021_0    conda-forge
grpcio                    1.65.5          py311h9c9ff8c_0    conda-forge
gtk2                      2.24.33              h6470451_5    conda-forge
gts                       0.7.6                h977cf35_4    conda-forge
h2                        4.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
h5py                      3.12.1          nompi_py311hb639ac4_102    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  9.0.0                hda332d3_1    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.14.3          nompi_h2d575fe_108    conda-forge
hpack                     4.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
hyperframe                6.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
icu                       75.1                 he02047a_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.10               pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
imagecodecs               2024.9.22       py311h7bd09fe_1    conda-forge
imageio                   2.36.1             pyh12aca89_1    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        8.5.0              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
ipykernel                 6.29.5             pyh3099207_0    conda-forge
ipython                   8.30.0             pyh707e725_0    conda-forge
isodate                   0.7.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
itsdangerous              2.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jedi                      0.19.2             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
joblib                    1.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_client            8.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jupyter_core              5.7.2              pyh31011fe_1    conda-forge
jxrlib                    1.1                  hd590300_3    conda-forge
keras                     3.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.7           py311hd18a35c_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.21.3               h659f571_0    conda-forge
lame                      3.100             h166bdaf_1003    conda-forge
lazy-loader               0.4                pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
lazy_loader               0.4                pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.16                 hb7c19ff_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.43                 h712a8e2_2    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libabseil                 20240722.0      cxx17_h5888daf_1    conda-forge
libaec                    1.1.3                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
libass                    0.17.3               h1dc1e6a_0    conda-forge
libavif16                 1.1.1                h1909e37_2    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0            16_linux64_mkl    conda-forge
libboost                  1.86.0               h6c02f8c_3    conda-forge
libboost-python           1.86.0          py311h5b7b71f_3    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0            16_linux64_mkl    conda-forge
libclang-cpp19.1          19.1.5          default_hb5137d0_0    conda-forge
libclang13                19.1.5          default_h9c6a7e4_0    conda-forge
libcublas                 11.11.3.6                     0    nvidia
libcufft                  10.9.0.58                     0    nvidia
libcufile                 1.11.1.6                      0    nvidia
libcups                   2.3.3                h4637d8d_4    conda-forge
libcurand                 10.3.7.77            hbd13f7d_0    conda-forge
libcurl                   8.10.1               hbbe4b11_0    conda-forge
libcusolver               11.4.1.48                     0    nvidia
libcusparse               11.7.5.86                     0    nvidia
libdeflate                1.22                 hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
libdrm                    2.4.124              hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libegl                    1.7.0                ha4b6fd6_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.6.4                h5888daf_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libgcc                    14.2.0               h77fa898_1    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 14.2.0               h69a702a_1    conda-forge
libgd                     2.3.3               hd3e95f3_10    conda-forge
libgfortran               14.2.0               h69a702a_1    conda-forge
libgfortran5              14.2.0               hd5240d6_1    conda-forge
libgl                     1.7.0                ha4b6fd6_2    conda-forge
libglib                   2.82.2               h2ff4ddf_0    conda-forge
libglvnd                  1.7.0                ha4b6fd6_2    conda-forge
libglx                    1.7.0                ha4b6fd6_2    conda-forge
libgomp                   14.2.0               h77fa898_1    conda-forge
libgrpc                   1.65.5               hf5c653b_0    conda-forge
libhwloc                  2.11.2          default_h0d58e46_1001    conda-forge
libhwy                    1.1.0                h00ab1b0_0    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             3.0.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
libjxl                    0.11.1               hdb8da77_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0            16_linux64_mkl    conda-forge
libllvm14                 14.0.6               hcd5def8_4    conda-forge
libllvm19                 19.1.5               ha7bfdaf_0    conda-forge
liblzma                   5.6.3                hb9d3cd8_1    conda-forge
liblzma-devel             5.6.3                hb9d3cd8_1    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.64.0               h161d5f1_0    conda-forge
libnpp                    11.8.0.86                     0    nvidia
libnsl                    2.0.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libntlm                   1.4               h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
libnvjitlink              12.6.85              hbd13f7d_0    conda-forge
libnvjpeg                 11.9.0.86                     0    nvidia
libopenblas               0.3.28          pthreads_h94d23a6_1    conda-forge
libopengl                 1.7.0                ha4b6fd6_2    conda-forge
libopenvino               2024.4.0             hac27bb2_1    conda-forge
libopenvino-auto-batch-plugin 2024.4.0             h4d9b6c2_1    conda-forge
libopenvino-auto-plugin   2024.4.0             h4d9b6c2_1    conda-forge
libopenvino-hetero-plugin 2024.4.0             h3f63f65_1    conda-forge
libopenvino-intel-cpu-plugin 2024.4.0             hac27bb2_1    conda-forge
libopenvino-intel-gpu-plugin 2024.4.0             hac27bb2_1    conda-forge
libopenvino-intel-npu-plugin 2024.4.0             hac27bb2_1    conda-forge
libopenvino-ir-frontend   2024.4.0             h3f63f65_1    conda-forge
libopenvino-onnx-frontend 2024.4.0             he882d9a_1    conda-forge
libopenvino-paddle-frontend 2024.4.0             he882d9a_1    conda-forge
libopenvino-pytorch-frontend 2024.4.0             h5888daf_1    conda-forge
libopenvino-tensorflow-frontend 2024.4.0             h9718a47_1    conda-forge
libopenvino-tensorflow-lite-frontend 2024.4.0             h5888daf_1    conda-forge
libopus                   1.3.1                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
libpciaccess              0.18                 hd590300_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.44               hadc24fc_0    conda-forge
libpq                     17.2                 h3b95a9b_1    conda-forge
libprotobuf               5.27.5               h5b01275_2    conda-forge
librdkit                  2024.09.3            h84b0b3c_0    conda-forge
libre2-11                 2024.07.02           hbbce691_1    conda-forge
librsvg                   2.58.4               hc0ffecb_0    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.20               h4ab18f5_0    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.47.0               hadc24fc_1    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.1               hf672d98_0    conda-forge
libstdcxx                 14.2.0               hc0a3c3a_1    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              14.2.0               h4852527_1    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.7.0                hc4654cb_2    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libva                     2.22.0               h8a09558_1    conda-forge
libvpx                    1.14.1               hac33072_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.4.0                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.17.0               h8a09558_0    conda-forge
libxcrypt                 4.4.36               hd590300_1    conda-forge
libxkbcommon              1.7.0                h2c5496b_1    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.13.5               h8d12d68_1    conda-forge
libxslt                   1.1.39               h76b75d6_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.3.1                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
libzopfli                 1.0.3                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
lightning-utilities       0.11.9             pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
littleutils               0.2.4                    pypi_0    pypi
llvm-openmp               15.0.7               h0cdce71_0    conda-forge
llvmlite                  0.43.0          py311h9c9ff8c_1    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.10.0               h5888daf_1    conda-forge
markdown                  3.6                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
markdown-it-py            3.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
markupsafe                3.0.2           py311h2dc5d0c_1    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.9.3           py311h38be061_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.9.3           py311h2b939e6_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.7              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
mdurl                     0.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
mkl                       2022.2.1         h84fe81f_16997    conda-forge
ml_dtypes                 0.4.0           py311h7db5c69_2    conda-forge
mpc                       1.3.1                h24ddda3_1    conda-forge
mpfr                      4.2.1                h90cbb55_3    conda-forge
mpmath                    1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
multidict                 6.1.0           py311h2dc5d0c_1    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
mysql-common              9.0.1                h266115a_3    conda-forge
mysql-libs                9.0.1                he0572af_3    conda-forge
namex                     0.0.8              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nccl                      2.23.4.1             h2b5d15b_3    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.5                  he02047a_1    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
networkx                  3.4.2              pyh267e887_2    conda-forge
numba                     0.60.0          py311h4bc866e_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.26.4          py311h64a7726_0    conda-forge
nvidia-cublas-cu12        12.4.5.8                 pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12    12.4.127                 pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12    12.4.127                 pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12  12.4.127                 pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cudnn-cu12         9.1.0.70                 pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cufft-cu12         11.2.1.3                 pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-curand-cu12        10.3.5.147               pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cusolver-cu12      11.6.1.9                 pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cusparse-cu12      12.3.1.170               pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-nccl-cu12          2.21.5                   pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12     12.4.127                 pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-nvtx-cu12          12.4.127                 pypi_0    pypi
ocl-icd                   2.3.2                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
ogb                       1.3.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
opencl-headers            2024.10.24           h5888daf_0    conda-forge
openh264                  2.5.0                hf92e6e3_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.3                h5fbd93e_0    conda-forge
openldap                  2.6.9                he970967_0    conda-forge
openssl                   3.4.0                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
opt_einsum                3.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
optree                    0.13.1          py311hd18a35c_1    conda-forge
outdated                  0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
packaging                 24.2               pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
pandas                    2.2.3           py311h7db5c69_1    conda-forge
pango                     1.54.0               h3a902e7_3    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.4              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pathlib2                  2.3.7.post1     py311h38be061_4    conda-forge
patsy                     1.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.44                hba22ea6_2    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pgmpy                     0.1.24          py311h38be061_1    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5           pyhd8ed1ab_1004    conda-forge
pillow                    11.0.0          py311h49e9ac3_0    conda-forge
pip                       24.3.1             pyh8b19718_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.44.2               h29eaf8c_0    conda-forge
platformdirs              4.3.6              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.48             pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
propcache                 0.2.1           py311h9ecbd09_0    conda-forge
protobuf                  5.27.5          py311hfdbb021_0    conda-forge
psutil                    6.1.0           py311h9ecbd09_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               hb9d3cd8_1002    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pugixml                   1.14                 h59595ed_0    conda-forge
pure_eval                 0.2.3              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pycairo                   1.27.0          py311h124c5f0_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.22               pyh29332c3_1    conda-forge
pygments                  2.18.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pynndescent               0.5.13             pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
pyside6                   6.8.0.2         py311h9053184_0    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha55dd90_7    conda-forge
python                    3.11.11         h9e4cc4f_1_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.9.0.post0        pyhff2d567_1    conda-forge
python-flatbuffers        24.3.25            pyh59ac667_0    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2024.2             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
python_abi                3.11                    5_cp311    conda-forge
pytorch                   2.3.0           py3.11_cuda11.8_cudnn8.7.0_0    pytorch
pytorch-cuda              11.8                 h7e8668a_6    pytorch
pytorch-mutex             1.0                        cuda    pytorch
pytorch_geometric         2.6.1              pyhe5570ce_0    conda-forge
pytz                      2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pywavelets                1.8.0           py311h9f3472d_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0.2           py311h9ecbd09_1    conda-forge
pyzmq                     26.2.0          py311h7deb3e3_3    conda-forge
qhull                     2020.2               h434a139_5    conda-forge
qt6-main                  6.8.0                h6e8976b_0    conda-forge
rav1e                     0.6.6                he8a937b_2    conda-forge
rdflib                    7.1.1              pyh0610db2_0    conda-forge
rdkit                     2024.09.3       py311h4bf1da0_0    conda-forge
re2                       2024.07.02           h77b4e00_1    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h8228510_1    conda-forge
reportlab                 4.2.5           py311h9ecbd09_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.32.3             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
rich                      13.9.4             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
rlpycairo                 0.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
scikit-image              0.24.0          py311h7db5c69_3    conda-forge
scikit-learn              1.5.2           py311h57cc02b_1    conda-forge
scipy                     1.14.1          py311he9a78e4_2    conda-forge
setuptools                75.6.0             pyhff2d567_1    conda-forge
six                       1.17.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
snappy                    1.2.1                h8bd8927_1    conda-forge
sqlalchemy                2.0.36          py311h9ecbd09_0    conda-forge
stack_data                0.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
statsmodels               0.14.4          py311h9f3472d_0    conda-forge
svt-av1                   2.3.0                h5888daf_0    conda-forge
sympy                     1.13.1                   pypi_0    pypi
tabulate                  0.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
tbb                       2021.13.0            hceb3a55_1    conda-forge
tensorboard               2.17.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tensorboard-data-server   0.7.0           py311hafd3f86_2    conda-forge
tensorflow                2.17.0          cpu_py311h6ac8430_3    conda-forge
tensorflow-base           2.17.0          cpu_py311h78ee05f_3    conda-forge
tensorflow-estimator      2.17.0          cpu_py311h331965b_3    conda-forge
termcolor                 2.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
threadpoolctl             3.5.0              pyhc1e730c_0    conda-forge
tifffile                  2024.9.20          pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13          noxft_h4845f30_101    conda-forge
torchaudio                2.3.0               py311_cu118    pytorch
torchmetrics              1.5.2              pyhe5570ce_0    conda-forge
torchtriton               2.3.0                     py311    pytorch
torchvision               0.18.0              py311_cu118    pytorch
tornado                   6.4.2           py311h9ecbd09_0    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.67.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.14.3             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
trimesh                   4.5.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
triton                    3.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
typing-extensions         4.12.2               hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.12.2             pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
tzdata                    2024b                hc8b5060_0    conda-forge
unicodedata2              15.1.0          py311h9ecbd09_1    conda-forge
urllib3                   2.2.3              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
wayland                   1.23.1               h3e06ad9_0    conda-forge
wayland-protocols         1.37                 hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.13             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
werkzeug                  3.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
wheel                     0.45.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
wrapt                     1.17.0          py311h9ecbd09_0    conda-forge
x264                      1!164.3095           h166bdaf_2    conda-forge
x265                      3.5                  h924138e_3    conda-forge
xcb-util                  0.4.1                hb711507_2    conda-forge
xcb-util-cursor           0.1.5                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-image            0.4.0                hb711507_2    conda-forge
xcb-util-keysyms          0.4.1                hb711507_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-renderutil       0.3.10               hb711507_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-wm               0.4.2                hb711507_0    conda-forge
xkeyboard-config          2.43                 hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.1.1                hb9d3cd8_1    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.4                he73a12e_1    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.8.10               h4f16b4b_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.11               hb9d3cd8_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxcomposite        0.4.6                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
xorg-libxcursor           1.2.3                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdamage           1.1.6                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.5                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.6                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxfixes            6.0.1                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxi                1.8.2                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrandr            1.5.4                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.11               hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
xorg-libxtst              1.2.5                hb9d3cd8_3    conda-forge
xorg-libxxf86vm           1.1.5                hb9d3cd8_4    conda-forge
xz                        5.6.3                hbcc6ac9_1    conda-forge
xz-gpl-tools              5.6.3                hbcc6ac9_1    conda-forge
xz-tools                  5.6.3                hb9d3cd8_1    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
yarl                      1.18.3          py311h9ecbd09_0    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.5                h3b0a872_7    conda-forge
zfp                       1.0.1                h5888daf_2    conda-forge
zipp                      3.21.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
zlib-ng                   2.2.2                h5888daf_0    conda-forge
zstandard                 0.23.0          py311hbc35293_1    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.6                ha6fb4c9_0    conda-forge
